Minutes of meeting - 03-03-2026

Header:
1. Logo needs to be changed. (Nitin will provide the image)
2. Background Color needs to be changed (will do it later)
3. Faculties should be changed to Members.
4. Who we are, Courses, and Enquire now button will be removed from the header.
5. Achievements need to be hidden for now.
6. NIOS, Scholarship, and Mental Health should be shown on the header menu.
7. In languages, specify the mode as online and (French and German only).


Carousel slider:
1. Slider images need to be changed (Nitin will provide)


Counters:
1. The 4th box needs to be removed.
2. Actual counts should be shown (Nitin will provide numbers). 


Who we are:
1. For the about page, we will give one hyperlink "Know more about us" on the home page, ==> who we are section, which will navigate the user to the 'About us' page.
2. Content needs to be changed from the old website. (for mission, vision, and Ethos)


Service:
1. The chess service needs to be removed.
2. Nutritionists' service needs to be added.
3. In languages, need to mention - French and German are available only for online classes.
4. Box arrangement -
	Academic courses,	Training program,	 NIOS
	Scholarship program,	Languages (Online),	Workshops
	Career counseling,	Mental Health,		Nutritionist
	
5. Description will be changed for all services. (Nitin will provide)
6. All the box background color needs to be changed (will do it later)
7. Scholarship page needs to be redesigned.
8. Workshop page needs to be redesigned (Upcoming events and past events) (Need data from Nitin)
9. Course structure needs to be provided (What to show, how to show, all hierarchy)
10.Same for all the services.


Enquiry Form:
1. All fields should be mandatory to fill out.
2. Need to create a backend to submit the data.
3. On Submit, this page should trigger a WhatsApp message. 


Contact Us:
1. Only one phone number should be shown.


Footer:
1. FAQs required (Nitin will provide)
2. Social media links need to be configured. (profile name required)
3. email or mobile number field for subscription/updates/advertisements (Will do it later)
4. Terms & conditions required (Nitin will provide)
5. Privacy policy required(If it is there)


Testimonials:
1. From the old website need to pull Google reviews and word on the street.


Achievements:
1. From the old website need to pull We Proud of you and Hub for Learners from Top Schools.


Careers:
1. Need to build this module.


